Wow
That's great, isn't it?
Can we really enter such a bizarre hall?
Fortunately, the native guy gave me an invitation
Stole it
That simp finally beat you a few times
OK
Hey
It is said that the words on this invitation letter are still pure gold
Don't say gold
We, Mr. An, are the wife of the president
Everything here belongs to Miss Ann
Welcome to the charity dinner
I'm the host.
We have put
All the items in this auction are displayed.
Please choose
Auction your favorite items
The full amount received for this dinner
It will be donated to the public welfare fund by Nangong Group
This one in the middle
But the crown that crowns the Queen of England
It's worth a billion dollars.
It's a pity to use it for public welfare.
What a loss, Mr. En
Otherwise, how could we have seen such a scene?
So temperamental, my god
Song Nianyi, what is he doing here?
Who is this guy?
I have been in Nangong Group for so many years
I've never seen such a beautiful woman
That's a member of the board of directors of Nangong Group
Only qualified to do
I have long heard that President Nangong has returned for more than a year
This charity dinner
In fact, it was the president's wife who did it
Is it him?
Not this cheap
You made me do this yourself.